docs: small changes to UIB's messaging (#2805)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/applications/pages/ui-builder/bonita-ui-builder.adoc

Bonita also comes with four xref:runtime:bonita-applications-interface-overview.adoc[Bonita Applications].

> “Applications” are very similar to “Living Applications”, which are created with Bonita UI Designer.

Reviewer: Why do we remove the fact that the application cannot be live edited ?

Author: Because of the 'compatibility with platform mode' project https://bonitasoft.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SF/pages/23332225146/Deploying+applicationLink+in+platform+mode+-+Product+Requirement+Document#User-flow

Reviewer: ok, the link can be updated, but not the application itself : we cannot change the application content once deployed, isn't it ?

Author: ```suggestion
“Applications” are very similar to “Living Applications”, which are created with Bonita UI Designer. Once pushed to production, Applications' content cannot be edited.
```

> "Applications" need to be defined via an 'applicationLink' tag in the xref:builder-declare-interface-in-bonita[Application descriptor].

Reviewer 2: The link is not working, try this:
```suggestion
"Applications" need to be defined via an `applicationLink` tag in the xref:builder-declare-interface-in-bonita.adoc[Application descriptor].
```
